How long would it take to travel to the moon if you travelled the entire way at 70 miles per hour?
If you are stranded without a water supply, can you survive by drinking your own urine?
What percentage of men say that they are scared of spiders?
What is the age difference between Donald Trump and his wife Melania?
True or false, in the USA, LGBT people are more likely to suffer hate crime than black people.
What percentage of our brain do we use?
In which country are the most people held as slaves?
What is the world record for the longest drive in professional golf (in yards)?
In 2005,what percentage of Northern Rail trains were delayed due to 'acts of God'?
True or false, sports teams that wear red typically outperform those that wear other colours?
How many holes in one did North Korean leader Kim Jong Un claim to have scored in a single round of golf?
In miles, what is the circumference of the Earth at the equator?
What percentage of Londoners say they like it when strangers talk to them on the tube?
What is the average amount of time spent on death row by prisoners who have been sentenced to death in the US?
Which war resulted in the most deaths as a percentage of the UK population?
In which room of the house do most injuries occur?
In the UK, what is the average amount Spent per year on raising a child aged between one and four years old?
What is the most expensive object, item, or building ever made/constructed?
What percentage of today's primary school children are predicted to work in jobs which do not exist today?
True or false, all of the desert scenes in the film 'The Mummy' were filmed in Europe's largest quarry, in Slough, England?
In which year was the first email sent?
Which app holds the record for the most first week downloads from the App Store?
In total, which country has the most Michelin stars across its top restaurants?
What percentage of people admit to having lied on their CV?
Which sportsman was originally considered for the role of the Terminator: A) NFL player OJ Simpson, B) boxer George Foreman, C) golfer Gary Player, or D)footballer George Best?
Which flavour of crisps is the favourite in the UK?
How many people die in the UK each year due to the cold weather?
How much does the average adult think that the tooth fairy should pay to children, per tooth?
What is the bestselling musical instrument in the world?
The UK Ministry of Food introduced food rationing in 1940, in order to deal with shortages caused by WWII. In which year did rationing end?
